just thinking you have to go back the
same way you came right left twist it
does I thought it was gonna be so much
easier I imagine kind of waltzing gently
round the room with a couple of steps
this is a hundred times harder than I
thought it was gonna be
left-right twist yes right this song is
definitely fast and it's a little hard
to do single counts in ChaCha cuz it
don't look too slow so I'm working with
her to try to make it simplified and
make it easy enough that you know she
could figure it out and but she's she's
been great about it rotate here yeah
the pace is insane I mean the song is
quite fast anyway at the moment I'm not
even dancing in my dance shoes we have
still plenty of time and it's it's the
first time as well for her really
delving into a routine and genre of
dancing she's never done before left
right left right left right
if I manage to get this down if I
actually mostly learn this I think it's
gonna be an amazing routine
unfortunately I'm just not up to speed
at the moment I'm nowhere near so I've
just got to really keep concentrating
and hopefully on the night